README.md, before:

# SmartOps Control

SmartOps Control is a multi-tenant, white-label call center operations control app built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind, React Query, and Supabase (Postgres/Auth/Storage/RLS). The app enforces strict RBAC, removes public signup, and keeps agent/guest access limited while providing dashboards for operations, finance, support, products, and payroll.

## Requirements coverage
- Roles: admin, manager, accountant, agent, guest (guest = unauthenticated).
- No public signup; user provisioning only by admin/manager.
- Multi-tenant white-label: tenant_id on domain data and configurable branding (logo, colors, name).
- RBAC enforced in UI routing and module visibility; agent role cannot see finance totals/reports; guest limited to public product catalog.
- Supabase-ready client plus UI for operations (tickets, bookings, roster), finance (revenue/expenses/profit/tax), HR/payroll (hours, payroll, attendance), commerce (products/orders/payments), and access control (user management).
- Error handling with retry buttons and non-blocking loaders.

## Getting started
1. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the dev server
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
3. Environment variables
   ```bash
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=<your-url>
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=<your-anon-key>
   ```

The app ships with mock data to demo flows without a live backend; replace the mock API calls with Supabase queries and Edge Functions for privileged actions (e.g., provisioning users). Branding is editable from the Branding page and applies across the UI.

Commit message:

feat: add SmartOps revenue, agents, clients, and notifications

README.md, after:

# SmartOps Control

SmartOps Control is a multi-tenant, white-label call center operations control app built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind, React Query, and Supabase (Postgres/Auth/Storage/RLS). The app enforces strict RBAC, removes public signup, and keeps agent/guest access limited while providing dashboards for operations, finance, support, products, payroll, revenue/hours, agents/employees, clients, notifications, and large-screen views.

## Requirements coverage
- Roles: admin, manager, accountant, agent, guest (guest = unauthenticated).
- No public signup; user provisioning only by admin/manager.
- Multi-tenant white-label: tenant_id on domain data and configurable branding (logo, colors, name).
- RBAC enforced in UI routing and module visibility; agent role cannot see finance totals/reports; guest limited to public product catalog.
- Supabase-ready client plus UI for operations (tickets, bookings, roster), finance (revenue/expenses/profit/tax), HR/payroll (hours, payroll, attendance), commerce (products/orders/payments), revenue & hours, recurring expenses, investor payouts, notifications, and access control (user management + agent/employee creation).
- Branding is editable from the Branding page and applies across the UI, large-screen views (birthday / agent of month), and exports. Default brand is “SmartOps Control.”
- No signup flow is exposed; login is role-based only. Admin/Manager provisioning is required to create users and agents.
- Error handling with retry buttons and non-blocking loaders.

## Getting started
1. Install dependencies
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. Run the dev server
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
3. Environment variables
   ```bash
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=<your-url>
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=<your-anon-key>
   ```

The app ships with mock data to demo flows without a live backend; replace the mock API calls with Supabase queries and Edge Functions for privileged actions (e.g., provisioning users). Branding is editable from the Branding page and applies across the UI.
